# taisei-project/设定与剧情

<!-- source html: G:\repos\THBWiki-Markdown-Builder\THBWikiMarkdown\Temp\main\d\dd\ns0%3Ataisei-project%2F%E8%AE%BE%E5%AE%9A%E4%B8%8E%E5%89%A7%E6%83%85.html -->

taisei-project_orgnization | 使用了翻译表的页面

  
  

  


## 目录

- [1 故事背景](#故事背景)
- [2 角色设定](#角色设定)
- [3 关卡](#关卡)
- [4 Bosses](#Bosses)





## 故事背景

<table><tbody><tr class="tt-content" id="故事背景-1" data-pos="&#91;&quot;\u6545\u4e8b\u80cc\u666f&quot;,1&#93;"><td class="tt-ja" lang="ja"><div class="poem">&#160;Another villain threatens to turn the land of dreams into a place of terror.<br> The barrier is disrupted, and a strange tunnel opens on Yōkai Mountain that<br> leads to an unknown land.  Gensōkyō is thrown into chaos as humans and yōkai<br> alike flock to this rift, where they will discover both new forces and old<br> forces that have changed beyond recognition.</div></td><td class="tt-zh" lang="zh"><div class="poem"></div></td></tr></tbody></table>



## 角色设定

<table><tbody><tr class="tt-content" id="角色设定-1" data-pos="&#91;&quot;\u89d2\u8272\u8bbe\u5b9a&quot;,1&#93;"><td class="tt-ja" lang="ja"><div class="poem"><br>  ○ Hakurei Reimu<br><br>    For Reimu, today should have been a peaceful day. It was spring, so early<br>    mornings were still chilly and flowers were just beginning to burst into<br>    bright blooms around the shrine. But unfortunately, Reimu did not get to<br>    enjoy her luxury of sleeping in as she was rudely awoken by insistent<br>    prodding into her cheek.<br><br>    “Mmmh?”<br><br>    “Wake up, Reimu. There is a serious incident unraveling itself as we speak!”<br><br>    Although annoyed at being woken up in her own shrine, she nevertheless<br>    cracked an unamused eye open to stare at her beauty sleep’s disturbance. The<br>    voice was familiar, and so was the tall, unsettling woman peering back at<br>    her from her own personal crack of distorted reality.<br><br>    “What now, Yukari? Can’t you see I am doing the important duty of self-care<br>    as a shrine maiden?”<br><br>    “You should think about switching duties then,” Yukari quipped back,<br>    reaching over to outright pinch Reimu’s cheek. “The barrier is being<br>    distorted by someone with a great deal of unexpected power, and it is of a<br>    sort that I cannot manipulate.”<br><br>    “So, you can’t fix it, then?”<br><br>    “Of course not. It’s too… logical. Even though I created this barrier with<br>    mathematics in mind, my parameters were fictional. It’s a power grounded in<br>    reality, and it seems to have outright torn open a hole in the barrier up on<br>    Yōkai Mountain, creating a tunnel to somewhere else entirely.”<br><br>    Now fully awake, Reimu sat up and batted Yukari’s intrusive hands away. But<br>    even though she sincerely wanted to ignore the yōkai sage that plagued her<br>    life as a constant irritation, she too could feel something off in the air.<br>    The Hakurei Shrine sat at the very edge of Gensōkyō, and it held the barrier<br>    steady as a medium between both sides of the boundary. Items from the<br>    Outside World commonly ended up strewn around the grounds, and so did the<br>    occasional high school girl as well. Despite the unusual atmosphere of the<br>    shrine, Reimu immediately knew just by glancing around that it was not<br>    normal for her shrine’s walls to look patchy and moldy in places, or for the<br>    floor to have random cracks and stains not present from everyday use.<br><br>    “You can see it, can you not? The Hakurei Shrine from the Outside World is<br>    merging with ours as our fantasy disappears. Soon it will replace yours<br>    entirely, and you will live in the broken down version of your beloved<br>    home.”<br><br>    That was all it took to get Reimu in action as she slipped into her uniform<br>    and grabbed her Yin-Yang Orbs and purification rod. Although the weakening<br>    of the Hakurei Barrier was worrying enough on its own, there was no way she<br>    could allow her shrine to turn into the run-down mess it was on the other<br>    side of the border. Whoever was behind this needed to stop, for her sake and<br>    everyone else’s. And if nothing else, the shrine maiden was loath to become<br>    homeless. That simply would not do.<br><br>    “Yukari, you’ll take me there, won’t you?”<br><br>    Unfortunately for the shrine maiden, she was met with silence. It seemed as<br>    though she would have to take the long route to Yōkai Mountain.<br><br>  ○ Kirisame Marisa<br><br>    Early one spring day, just after dawn had passed, Marisa was finding a<br>    severe lack of things to do. She had just finished some battle magic<br>    research for her hakkero yesterday, and as usual, no customers seemed eager<br>    to brave the dark, dank Forest of Magic in order to purchase anything or<br>    pay for extermination services.<br><br>    The day likely would have stayed dull had Aya not decided to fervently bang<br>    on the door, a rare presence that normally wouldn’t brave the Forest of<br>    Magic’s unpleasantness unless something serious was happening.<br><br>    “Have you heard, Miss Marisa? The border has been broken on Yōkai<br>    Mountain, and a tunnel to an unknown world has opened up! You’ll need to<br>    leave now if you’re going to want to stay on top of this new development.”<br><br>    “Sign me up! Beats sittin’ in here all day, and anyway, that sounds like<br>    it’s the start of a big incident! I can’t be left behind as Gensōkyō’s<br>    second best incident resolver!”<br><br>    With her mind settled, Marisa grabbed her hat and bolted out the door past<br>    the expectant tengu. Living as isolated as she does, Marisa wasn’t<br>    completely sure what she was heading into, but that didn’t matter. As long<br>    as she had her magic and her experience, she was confident that she could<br>    handle anyone and anything. After all, what incident couldn’t be fixed with<br>    a liberal application of “Master Spark!” to the face? No incident, that’s<br>    what.<br><br><br>  ○ Konpaku Yōmu<br><br>    As what passed for dawn gently shook the Netherworld awake, the world’s<br>    peaceful tranquility was broken by the disconcerting sounds of the breaking<br>    barrier. As a world between worlds, the Netherworld was always sensitive to<br>    changes in the boundary, and this time was no exception as the ghosts cried<br>    and moaned at the disturbance to their afterlife.<br><br>    “Yōmu, I cannot sleep in late with all this ruckus. And anyways, isn’t this<br>    a bit unexpected? Miss Yakumo doesn’t put such strain on the border without<br>    asking nicely and this doesn’t seem like her doing. I suspect this is the<br>    work of someone else, and that’s just no good. We wouldn’t want the spirits<br>    to break free and be bothersome to whomever they find now, would we?”<br><br>    “You’re absolutely correct, Lady Yuyuko! I’ll cut to the truth of the matter<br>    and ask whoever is responsible to both turn down the noise and the stress<br>    put on the Netherworld’s boundary! You can count on me for anything!”<br><br>    Something new and intrusive was pushing on the borders of the Netherworld,<br>    weakening them. Were they to break, the restless dead would surely explore<br>    whatever new space they were led to. Yōmu was resolved to end the incident<br>    quickly, before any unwanted changes happened.</div></td><td class="tt-zh" lang="zh"><div class="poem"></div></td></tr></tbody></table>



## 关卡

<table><tbody><tr class="tt-content" id="关卡-1" data-pos="&#91;&quot;\u5173\u5361&quot;,1&#93;"><td class="tt-ja" lang="ja"><div class="poem"><br>  ○ Stage 1: Misty Lake<br>  ○ Stage 2: Walk Along the Border<br>  ○ Stage 3: Through the Tunnel of Light<br>  ○ Stage 4: Forgotten Mansion<br>  ○ Stage 5: Climbing the Tower of Babel<br>  ○ Stage 6: Roof of the World<br></div></td><td class="tt-zh" lang="zh"><div class="poem"></div></td></tr></tbody></table>



## Bosses

<table><tbody><tr class="tt-content" id="Bosses-1" data-pos="&#91;&quot;Bosses&quot;,1&#93;"><td class="tt-ja" lang="ja"><div class="poem">&#160;&#160;○ Stage 1 Boss<br>    Cirno<br><br>    Incidents are always exciting to fairies. They never know what is going on,<br>    but seeing trouble unfolding around them gives them the perfect excuse to<br>    let loose and shoot at whoever they want. Instinctually, Cirno decides to<br>    play along. Whoever stumbles across her lake would have to deal with an<br>    ice-cold challenge!<br><br><br>  ○ Stage 2 Boss<br>    Kagiyama Hina<br><br>    As the epicenter of the new disaster, the small forest and dark road home<br>    to the wandering goddess had turned into a hotbed of activity.  Although<br>    misguided, she decides that she needs to take action to prevent anyone from<br>    entering the unknown rift, fearing that whatever is inside it would lead to<br>    chaos and the eventual propagation of misfortune in Gensōkyō.<br><br><br>  ○ Stage 3 Boss<br>    Wriggle<br><br>    Normally an unimpressive and simpleminded yōkai, Wriggle nevertheless<br>    manages to sneak past Hina and into the tunnel while the heroines are<br>    fighting the goddess. Finding herself surrounded by distorted magical<br>    energies, she gleefully absorbs a power past her own and decides that she<br>    should prove insect superiority once and for all to the human simpletons<br>    following right behind her.<br><br><br>  ○ Stage 4 Boss<br>    Kurumi<br><br>    This former guardian of the Lake of Blood had found herself jobless and<br>    homeless after Yuuka dissolved her world and headed to Gensōkyō. Instead of<br>    following Yuuka to Gensōkyō, however, she and Elly had left for the Outside<br>    World. While relatively unchanged and unscathed by her long stay there, she<br>    had grown decidedly closer to Elly, and is happy to support any of her new<br>    goals, even if they go against yōkai standards. To that degree she is<br>    gatekeeping once more… but this time for a new, more personal master. And<br>    since it’s been a while since she last fed on humans freely, she may be a<br>    little too excited to apply gratuitous force. Only a little.<br><br><br>  ○ Stage 5 Boss<br>    Nagae Iku<br><br>    Similarly to Wriggle, Iku took full advantage of Kurumi’s distraction with<br>    the heroines to sneak past them all and swiftly fly up to the top of the<br>    tower, where she appears to have set herself up as an impromptu guardian.<br>    Much like the Netherworld, Heaven’s space and borders were also being<br>    infringed upon by the new world, and so the Celestials had decreed that Iku<br>    be there to stop anyone other than them from dealing with it. Having gotten<br>    there barely on time, she is flustered and irritated, and wants the<br>    heroines to leave so that she can quietly investigate the issue and file a<br>    report on it to her superiors. Since they refuse to let her be, she shocks<br>    them with a surprisingly fierce fight!<br><br><br>  ○ Stage 6 Boss<br>    Elly<br><br>    Like Kurumi, this former gatekeeper became literally disillusioned with her<br>    job as she was cast from Mugenkan into the Outside World, both having<br>    gotten lost on their way to Gensōkyō. Despite the seeming contradictory<br>    nature of logic and reasoning being used by a yōkai, it seems as though<br>    Elly has been able to embrace these things, giving her the ability to<br>    manipulate relations via complex calculations. Her impossible existence has<br>    given rise to a fusion of magic and science, and by deconstructing the<br>    nonsense making up Gensōkyō’s border separating it from the Outside, she<br>    was able to return to prominence in fantasy once more, as the one who<br>    created a new world with a mansion and an impossibly high tower breaking<br>    into Heaven.<br><br>    It is in this tower where she devotes herself to researching The Theory of<br>    Everything, and as long as she continues to do so, Gensōkyō is put at risk<br>    of being deconstructed due to its inherently illogical nature. She doesn’t<br>    mean to do this, of course, but by finishing this theory, it is only<br>    natural that Gensōkyō, which should not be able to exist, would be<br>    affected.<br><br>    Besides that, her world’s pushy nature makes her a very bad neighbor, but<br>    she’s too busy to care.<br><br>    Her spell cards are based on physical phenomena, turning her experiments<br>    into powerful weapons.<br><br>    Fun Fact™: Taisei actually uses complex math for projectile positioning.</div></td><td class="tt-zh" lang="zh"><div class="poem"></div></td></tr></tbody></table>







---

此文档由 [THBWiki-Markdown-Builder](https://github.com/Delsin-Yu/THBWiki-Markdown-Builder) 构建。

文档中的所有内容除特殊注明外，均在 [**知识共享(Creative Commons) 署名-非商业性使用-相同方式共享 3.0 协议**](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.zh-hans) 下提供，附加条款亦可能应用。

引用类型与其他类型作品版权归原作者所有，如有作者授权则遵照授权协议使用。

详细请查阅 [THBWiki：免责声明](https://thbwiki.cc/THBWiki:%E5%85%8D%E8%B4%A3%E5%A3%B0%E6%98%8E)。

